well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
Giuliani's report imagine that once
you'd imagine something balanced to tell
you a story there's a cop and he's
convinced absolutely convinced that this
other guy is dealing in stolen property
convinced can't prove it can't catch him
but he's convinced of it so he starts
keeping an eye on him to be honest it
kind of turns into an obsession for him
eventually he's looking around the guy's
house peeking in the windows seeing if
he can see something that he can claim
was in plain view
one day while he's doing this the
apartment manager is out there with one
of those chainsaws on the end of a pole
trimming trees trimming trees and that
chainsaw
falls pops off the pole falls comes down
takes it off takes it off cop walks up
to him and says I got a tourniquet a
phone but I need your master key though
of course the guy gives it to him and
then cop goes in the house and sure
enough sure enough they're stolen
property there what happens next
cop goes to jail that's what happens
next the cop goes to jail now because
the police are aware of the activity the
whole department is kind of keeping an
eye on the guy and eventually they get
the evidence and they arrest him too
that's how this works
they hold two separate trials wouldn't
make sense to do it any other way let's
go back to Giuliana's report for a
second I want to start off by saying I
want to see it I want to see what he
turned up I'm gonna lie I'm curious I
have said that when I looked into it I
couldn't find anything illegal but I
thought it was shady I am open to the
idea that the binds broke the law and I
have no loyal to the box to the Biden's
Biden is not my man I don't care so I
want to see it but it does not absolve
the administration of any of their
alleged crimes even if they were right
it's not how this works
it's not how this works and it doesn't
make any sense to bring it up during the
president's impeachment and that's it
that's the part I really don't get
because if this is real evidence
well then we should see arrests and that
evidence would kind of be held quiet and
closed hold you wouldn't want to tell
him right up front so they could you
know develop a good defense you
certainly wouldn't want to show it in a
different trial unless of course the
whole intention is not told the binds
responsible but is to muddy the waters
and the evidence is superficial and
wouldn't really hold up to any scrutiny
that's another option but I do want to
see it after the impeachment because the
truth of the matter is
if Biden abused his office for personal
gain he should go down and if you
believe that you have to believe the
same is true for Trump and if you
believe it for Trump you have to believe
it for Biden it's the way that works
either what we believe is good and true
is good and true or we don't have any
order we don't have any laws we don't
have anything we just have corruption at
the top if they're not going to be held
accountable so I do want to see it
during the Biden's trial not during the
presidents and the fact that the
administration seems to have convinced
their base that this type of abuse of
power is worth this kind of crazy
investigation only shows that if that
abuse of power occurs the people have to
hold their leaders accountable if they
turned up something on Biden he should
be held accountable but it does not
absolve the president of the alleged
soliciting the assistance of foreign
nationals the abuse of power obstruction
of justice
none of it it doesn't change what the
president did just because he was right
anyway I would suggest that if Biden is
guilty it's just all the more important
to hold Biden and Trump accountable
anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night